https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA youtube linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg youtube linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA youtube linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEi4mIXHbqrEGsLoywqKi5g youtube podcast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5zIwZMicHhTcoIuaO-dYhw youtube podcast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6Y5eAyPvXRkrDlgruro3CA youtube podcast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS8Mv2IWgrOIV5u52GzDuRQ youtube podcast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4aiJNDUviw_vMhdCq5Kq1Q youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2rUTe_XMx88LR3JLJwyutw youtube linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCY8iijN1AkyDCh1Z9akcqUA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCq6VFHwMzcMXbuKyG7SQYIg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCylGUf9BvQooEFjgdNudoQg youtube linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzQUP1qoWDoEbmsQxvdjxgQ youtube podcast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg6gPGh8HU2U01vaFCAsvmQ youtube linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUrTfuVTFuHfLzdfFLCfqZA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMiyV_Ib77XLpzHPQH_q0qQ youtube linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5KDiSAFxrDWhmysBcNqtMA youtube linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCriRR_CzOny-akXyk1R-oDQ youtube linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCngn7SVujlvskHRvRKc1cTw youtube linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCf93fPKwotph47H3_KDcRyg youtube linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFG4tHCRnCDRfDM9sGjr83Q youtube auto
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCV97xd1IPuGyuZfCxlAWYtA youtube auto
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOOCeqi5txwviDZ4M5W9QSg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtYg149E_wUGVmjGz-TgyNA youtube linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeOvhU6RbmEj8GKFiIMWxKQ youtube mma/bjj
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClAJVVKDBNJxW2lTSwLwCOw youtube mma/bjj
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBNsOFfO-TZDIpygfz5paaQ youtube mma/bjj
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGCZBBvu7ZnqHYHuScODbAQ youtube mma/bjj
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiGcmf0Jelpxhzwg_29gPaw youtube mma/bjj
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVX5F9uZyzzSI9juQRp_2Hw youtube mma/bjj
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCntwH07gaH_uMhA12wp4Ojg youtube mma/bjj
https://feeds.buzzsprout.com/243161.rss                                      podcast mma/bjj
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_rsMk-BxTI_8cK9r39zLDA youtube mma/bjj
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiwWdTRdCF2xojICoeFgg3Q youtube mma/bjj
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6cALLZLWQGilBFBB0PWAog youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_Y1v8Z_WV-H5n-ebZyZoJQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSp9JYcUHrU7WOAMOVI-vsw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtUbO6rBht0daVIOGML3c8w youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXjBvSgcNWnP85PF25b9N_w youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZiYbVptd3PVPf4f6eR6UaQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQlY8eDA0QugUAT0v7-q1HA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCDOQrpqLqKVcTCKzqarxLg youtube xadrez
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHP9CdeguNUI-_nBv_UXBhw youtube xadrez
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwWm-fABiYbcL7ro8qONd6Q youtube xadrez
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC98DqRRDSGQ0y68XEihDQzw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdkhkda5VQPbKSzx03HohMw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCs-6sCz2LJm1PrWQN4ErsPw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCB_qr75-ydFVKSF9Dmo6izg youtube auto
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4EQHfzIbkL_Skit_iKt1aA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGvaXivxMB78VSezporDdew youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2cFeYExnDrcXLVOsoo7ieg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIm5YnUC8O2Reu06jnNu__w youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC896QaWKoSGdZTmy9rHyU_g youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCw5-xj3AKqEizC7MvHaIPqA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgCKagVhzGnZcuP9bSMgMCg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4ncvgh5hFr5O83MH7-jRJg youtube podcast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCl79BVUfEZ830vH76L12ChA youtube 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFiEI1kDHlO9UQtxx0wj-XA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6107grRI4m0o2-emgoDnAA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7IcJI8PUf5Z3zKxnZvTBog youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYO_jab_esuFRV4b17AJtAw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCledB0SeULMkjN_eBh4rPHQ youtube auto
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCi7NjYyIQk6hPRbZ4BVKHyw youtube auto
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2dz-NeqUO9zKIyOCLsd8uA youtube auto
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJkMlOu7faDgqh4PfzbpLdg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp68_FLety0O-n9QU6phsgw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCn9Erjy00mpnWeLnRqhsA1g youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLXl1V6n82Dyg1VhVgSL0nw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLYimOsgmIVf6KNjzXPkUwQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClu474HMt895mVxZdlIHXEA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtESv1e7ntJaLJYKIO1FoYw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6107grRI4m0o2-emgoDnAA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7fN3sq7h2BDFtBrzXWo4Zg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnkp4xDOwqqJD7sSM3xdUiQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClu474HMt895mVxZdlIHXEA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkf4VIqu3Acnfzuk3kRIFwA youtube linux
https://www.ufpe.br/inicio/-/asset_publisher/dlhi8nsrz4hK/rss                notícias
https://jc.ne10.uol.com.br/ultimas/rss.xml                                   notícias
https://www.gazetadopovo.com.br/feed/rss/republica.xml                       notícias
https://www.gazetadopovo.com.br/feed/rss/economia.xml                        notícias
https://www.gazetadopovo.com.br/feed/rss/opiniao.xml                         notícias
https://www.gazetadopovo.com.br/feed/rss/educacao.xml                        notícias
https://www.gazetadopovo.com.br/feed/rss/vida-e-cidadania.xml                notícias
https://www.gazetadopovo.com.br/feed/rss/ideias.xml                          notícias
https://www.gazetadopovo.com.br/feed/rss/mundo.xml                           notícias
https://www.gazetadopovo.com.br/feed/rss/bomgourmet.xml                      notícias
https://www.gazetadopovo.com.br/feed/rss/haus.xml                            notícias
https://www.gazetadopovo.com.br/feed/rss/gazz-conecta.xml                    notícias
https://www.gazetadopovo.com.br/feed/rss/vozes/paulo-cruz.xml                notícias
https://www.debian.org/News/news                                             linux
https://www.debian.org/security/dsa-long                                     linux
https://www.lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml                                            blog
https://christitus.com/index.xml                                             blog
https://github.com/LukeSmithxyz/voidrice/commits.atom                        git
https://github.com/libretro/retroarch/releases.atom                          git
https://github.com/hakavlad/nohang/releases.atom                             git
https://github.com/hakavlad/memavaild/releases.atom                          git
https://github.com/hakavlad/prelockd/releases.atom                           git
https://github.com/salman-abedin/devour/releases.atom                        git
https://github.com/woodruffw/ff2mpv/releases.atom                            git
https://git.suckless.org/dmenu/atom.xml                                      git
https://git.suckless.org/dwm/atom.xml                                        git
https://git.suckless.org/slstatus/atom.xml                                   git
https://git.suckless.org/st/atom.xml                                         git
https://github.com/neovim/neovim/releases.atom                               git
https://github.com/FeralInteractive/gamemode/releases.atom                   git
https://www.reddit.com/r/FreeGameFindings/new.rss                            reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/F1Porn.rss                                          reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/EarthPorn.rss                                       reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/spaceporn.rss                                       reddit
https://twitchrss.appspot.com/vod/cidcidoso                                  twitch
https://twitchrss.appspot.com/vod/TonyKanaan                                 twitch
https://twitchrss.appspot.com/vod/ChesscomPT                                 twitch xadrez
https://twitchrss.appspot.com/vod/ChessNetwork                               twitch xadrez
https://twitchrss.appspot.com/vod/lichessdotorg                              twitch xadrez
https://twitchrss.appspot.com/vod/chess24pt                                  twitch xadrez
https://twitchrss.appspot.com/vod/RicardoOharaJP                             twitch
